Update 63-eric-testing.md (#156)
data-umbrella/event-transcripts: 2022/63-eric-testing.md

## Timestamps
```text

> 00:00 Introduction by @BerylKanali - Data Umbrella team
> 
> 08:33 Test your work! Opening, goals, introduction, and agenda by Eric Ma
> 12:21 Testing in Software
> 12:56 Why do testing?
> 15:33 What does a test look like?
> 18:34 How do I make tests automated?
> 20:45 What benefits do I get?
> 23:48 What kind of tests exist?
> 
> 27:26 Testing in data science
> 27:43 Testing machine learning model code
> 32:29 Testing data a.k.a. data validation
> 34:36 Testing pipeline code
> 36:13 Mock-up realistic fake data
> 
> 37:57 Philosophy - integrating testing into your work
> 40:06 Resources - Youtube videos
> 41:09 Summary
> 
> 59:41 QnA session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
00:00 Introduction by @BerylKanali - Data Umbrella team
08:33 Test your work! Opening, goals, introduction, and agenda by Eric Ma
12:21 Testing in Software
12:56 Why do testing?
15:33 What does a test look like?
18:34 How do I make tests automated?
20:45 What benefits do I get?
23:48 What kind of tests exist? Unit test, Execution test, Integration test
27:26 Testing in data science
27:43 Testing machine learning model code
32:29 Testing data a.k.a. data validation
34:36 Testing pipeline code
36:13 Mock-up realistic fake data
37:57 Philosophy - integrating testing into your work
40:06 Resources - YouTube videos
41:09 Summary
59:41 Q&A session
```
